Okay, we've got everything running.
We have a build server,
we have local Docker,
we have lint files,
we have a Python environment.
The final step here is we're going to get this whole environment,
this micro service we've created,
deployed inside of Amazon environment.
To do that, we're going to use Amazon's Elastic Container Registry.
So that allows us to put our whole bundled container
plus its application inside of Amazon itself.
So let's go ahead and set that up.
So in order to set this up,
we're going to need to go to Amazon Container Services.
Let's go and show how you would do that inside of the Amazon Management Console.
We would go through here and type in ECR.
So go to fully-managed Docker container registry.
Next, what we're going to do here is
we're going to create a repository
so that we can keep all of our source code inside of that repository
along with the container itself, that whole bundle.
Okay. Now, I go and I say repository configuration
and here we'll call this Udacity. There we go.
Now I've got this local environment set up
and I can go ahead and select this container registry.
You can see there's no images located.
So I'm going to need to push my image into this container registry.
I'm going to view the push commands here.
The first step is that I'm going to need to authenticate
so that Amazon can verify that I have the privileges
to take my container and put it inside of this particular repository.
So I'm going to copy that,
and now, I'm going to go to the terminal.
Okay. Let's go ahead and authenticate.
So I'm going to paste that command in
and what it does is it asks for my own credentials locally
to authenticate against AWS.
Let's see.
Great. So, login is successful.
Next, what we're going to do is we're going to build this container locally here.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's paste that command in.
So, it says docker build -t udacity.
So it's going to name it the same name as that local repository.
Great. It was able to do that.
In step 3, what we're going to do is we're going to tag this
so that we can push this image to this repository.
So let's go ahead and copy that command.
We go, let's go to the top here, clear it up a little bit,
and run this command docker tag udacity:latest
and go through and actually give it this remote repo.
So this is a unique URL that's associated with my personal container registry.
There we go. That worked.
Now, let's go to this docker push command.
This is the final step.
What this does is it runs this command
that pushes the image to the newly created Amazon repository.
It's going to run that.
Okay, so you can see it says docker push.
Again, I give it that unique URL and I have udacity:latest.
Now, we're pushing this to Amazon
and once this is done, we'll go back inside of Amazon's Elastic Container Registry
and verify that we can actually get it out.
Great. That should have taken a few minutes
and once it's done, now it's available for anyone in my company
to actually pull down that container and deploy it.
Or if I want to scale it up to thousands and thousands of nodes.
Let's go ahead and see what it looks like.
So if I close this and I do a refresh here,
I can see that now I have access to this latest image here.
What's powerful about that is if I want to,
I can actually go through and I can pull that as well locally
and test that as well.
So again, it's a really powerful workflow
to be able to build this, run it locally, test it,
make sure my build server works,
then go and push it to this remote container registry
and then be able to scale it out in any part of Amazon
or even give it to another person on my team.